[IMP] inventory: merge resupply (#11120)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/inventory_and_mrp/inventory/warehouses_storage/replenishment/resupply_warehouses.rst

- Create a quotation, and in the :guilabel:`Other Info` tab, set the :guilabel:`Warehouse` to the
  retail shop (e.g. `Store`), when selling the product makes the on-hand quantity of the product go
  below the minimum set on the reordering rule.

  .. image:: resupply_warehouses/warehouse-field.png
     :align: center
     :alt: Create a quote at the store.

Once triggered, Odoo creates two transfers: One is a *delivery order* from the central, supplying
warehouse, which contains all the necessary products to the store, and the second is a *receipt* at
the shop, from the main warehouse.

While in transit, the product is located at `Physical Locations/Inter-warehouse transit`.

.. example::
   A sales order for the product at the shop is created. To replenish the product at the shop and
   ship it from there, Odoo generates a delivery order from the central warehouse's stock,
   `WH/Stock` to the shop's warehouse `SHOP/Stock`. While the products are traveling between
   warehouses, they are in `Physical Locations/Inter-warehouse transit`.

   The final delivery order is from the shop to the customer's delivery address, and is not
   pertinent to the workflow in this guide.

> .. image:: resupply_warehouses/transfers.png

Reviewer: Seems like this image should be indented to be included in the example admonition :)
```suggestion
   .. image:: resupply_warehouses/transfers.png
      :alt: Show shipments from warehouse to store.
```

=============================
Inter-warehouse replenishment
=============================

.. |MTO| replace:: :abbr:`MTO (Make to Order)`

> When a business has multiple retail shops, in many cases, they resupply their stock from a shared,

Reviewer 2: Quick comment: 
Resupplying from another warehouse isn't just a use case for retail, no?
It could also fall under 3PL, wholesale, or internal material/component storage for things like manufacturing ops, professional or high-end service facilities (e.g., biomed, lab corps,), etc. I think?

Author: I reworded the intro to address your comment (:

This guide explains how to conduct an inter-warehouse transfer using replenishment strategies. There
are two configuration methods for inter-warehouse replenishment:

#. :ref:`Make to order (MTO) <inventory/warehouses_storage/MTO>`
#. :ref:`Reordering rule <inventory/warehouses_storage/reordering-rule>`

.. seealso::
   :doc:`Difference between MTO and reordering rules <../replenishment>`

Configuration
=============

To resupply from another warehouse, first go to :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Configuration -->
Settings`. In the :guilabel:`Warehouse` section, activate :guilabel:`Storage Locations`. Then, click
:guilabel:`Save` to apply the setting.

.. image:: resupply_warehouses/storage-locations.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Enable Storage Locations in Inventory settings.

Warehouses
----------

Configure the settings for the central warehouse and retail shops by going to
:menuselection:`Inventory app --> Configuration --> Warehouses`.

.. important::
   Each central warehouse and retail shop *must* have its own warehouse. In other words, each shop
   is considered a local warehouse.

Create a new warehouse by clicking :guilabel:`New`. Then, give the warehouse a name and a

> :guilabel:`Short Name`, which will appear on that warehouse's transfers. Finally, click
> :guilabel:`Save` to finish creating the warehouse.

Reviewer 2: Just checked on master, the save is automatic.
```suggestion
:guilabel:`Short Name`, which will appear on that warehouse's transfers.
```

> After that, go back to the :guilabel:`Warehouses`, page and open the warehouse that will be

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After that, go back to the :guilabel:`Warehouses` dashboard and open the warehouse that will be
```

> resupplied by the central warehouse. In the :guilabel:`Warehouse Configuration` tab, locate the

Reviewer 2: This first sentence I think is the proper framing (node or alternate warehouse being supplied by central one).

> resupplied by the central warehouse. In the :guilabel:`Warehouse Configuration` tab, locate the

Reviewer 2: Framing is a but strange?
Why would we create a warehouse, then go back to the dashboard to possibly click into the form again?

This can be framed more clearly and without that possibility of interpretation like:
"To create a new warehouse do this...OR pick the existing warehouse..."

:guilabel:`Resupply From` field. Check the box next to the central warehouse's name. If the
warehouse can be resupplied by more than one warehouse, make sure to check those warehouses' boxes

> too. Finally, click :guilabel:`Save` to apply the setting. Now, Odoo knows which warehouses can

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
too. Now, Odoo knows which warehouses can
```

resupply this warehouse.

.. example::
   The central warehouse that will supply the shops is called `Central warehouse`. The
   :guilabel:`Resupply From` field is set to this warehouse on the shop's warehouse configuration
   page.

.. image:: resupply_warehouses/warehouse.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Supply one warehouse with another in the Warehouse Configuration tab.

Set route on a product
----------------------

Products must also be configured properly in order for them to be transferred between warehouses.

Go to :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Products --> Products` and select the desired product.

In the :guilabel:`Inventory` tab, the new route appears as :guilabel:`X: Supply Product from Y` in
the :guilabel:`Routes` section, where 'X' is the store's warehouse that receives products, and 'Y'
is the warehouse that sends products.

Tick the :guilabel:`X: Supply Product from Y` checkbox, which is intended to be used with the |MTO|
route or a reordering rule to replenish stock by moving the product from one warehouse to another.
Proceed to the dedicated sections below to continue the process.

.. _inventory/warehouses_storage/MTO:

MTO
~~~

> To replenish products using the make to order method, go to the product form and ensure the

Reviewer 2: this is a compound adjective that qualifies the noun "method," I think
```suggestion
To replenish products using the make-to-order method, go to the product form and ensure the
```

Resupply from another warehouse
===============================

.. |MTO| replace:: :abbr:`MTO (Make to Order)`

To restock multiple retail shops from a central warehouse, Odoo uses the *Resupply from another
warehouse* route. When a shop needs to replenish products, Odoo automatically generates
*inter-warehouse transfers* from the central distribution center.

> Odoo *Inventory* manages these transfers to keep stores in stock. This guide explains how to conduct

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Odoo :guilabel:`Inventory` manages these transfers to keep stores in stock. This guide explains how to conduct
```

> To restock multiple retail shops from a central warehouse, Odoo uses the *Resupply from another
> warehouse* route. When a shop needs to replenish products, Odoo automatically generates
> *inter-warehouse transfers* from the central distribution center.
> 
> Odoo :guilabel:`Inventory` manages these transfers to keep stores in stock. This guide explains how to conduct
> an inter-warehouse transfer using replenishment.
> 
> There are two configuration methods for inter-warehouse replenishment:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In many cases, a business has multiple retail shops that resupply their stock from a shared, or central, warehouse. Odoo uses a *Route* configuration that enables shops to replenish from a central distribution center, automatically generating *inter-warehouse transfers*.

When a shop needs to replenish products, Odoo automatically generates
*inter-warehouse transfers* from the central distribution center. Odoo :guilabel:`Inventory` manages these transfers to keep stores in stock. 

This guide explains how to conduct an inter-warehouse transfer using replenishment strategies. There are two configuration methods for inter-warehouse replenishment:
```

#. Make to order (MTO)
#. Reordering rule

.. seealso::
   :doc:`Difference between MTO and reordering rules <../replenishment>`

Configuration
=============

To resupply from another warehouse, first go to :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Configuration -->
Settings`. In the :guilabel:`Warehouse` section, activate :guilabel:`Storage Locations`. Then, click
:guilabel:`Save` to apply the setting.

.. image:: resupply_warehouses/storage-locations.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Enable Storage Locations in Inventory settings.

Warehouses
----------

Configure the settings for the central warehouse and retail shops by going to
:menuselection:`Inventory app --> Configuration --> Warehouses`.

Each central warehouse and retail shop must have its own warehouse.

> Create a new warehouse by clicking :guilabel:`New`. Then, give the warehouse a name and a

Author: Added (:

:guilabel:`Short Name`. Finally, click :guilabel:`Save` to finish creating the warehouse.

> After that, go back to the :guilabel:`Warehouses` page and open the warehouse that will be

Author: i couldn't commit this line because it's on an unedited line, but I just manually added this suggestion in VScode (:

resupplied by the central warehouse. In the :guilabel:`Warehouse Configuration` tab, locate the
:guilabel:`Resupply From` field, and check the box next to the central warehouse's name. If the
warehouse can be resupplied by more than one warehouse, make sure to check those warehouses' boxes
too. Finally, click :guilabel:`Save` to apply the setting. Now, Odoo knows which warehouses can
resupply this warehouse.

.. example::
   The central warehouse that will supply the shops is called `Central warehouse`. The
   :guilabel:`Resupply From` field is set to this warehouse on the shop's warehouse configuration
   page.

> .. image:: resupply_warehouses/warehouse.png

Reviewer 3: I think this image should go inside the example (since the text in the example references the image)-- it should be indented further to be nested inside example!

Author: Nice catch!!!

   :align: center
   :alt: Supply one warehouse with another in the Warehouse Configuration tab.

Set route on a product
----------------------

Products must also be configured properly in order for them to be transferred between warehouses.

> Go to :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Products --> Products` and select the desired product. In
> the :guilabel:`Inventory` tab, the new route appears as :guilabel:`X: Supply Product from Y` in the
> :guilabel:`Routes` section.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Go to :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Products --> Products` and select the desired product. 

In the :guilabel:Inventory tab, the new route appears as :guilabel:X: Supply Product from Y in the
:guilabel:Routes section, where 'X' is the store's warehouse that receives products, and 'Y' is the warehouse that sends products.
```

> .. note::
>    *X* is the store's warehouse that receives products, and *Y* is the warehouse that sends
>    products.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer 3: Delete this note ^ if applying suggested changes to lines 65-68.

> Tick the :guilabel:`X: Supply Product from Y` checkbox, which is intended to be used with the |MTO|

Author: oh yes, this is an [abbreviation](https://www.odoo.com/documentation/16.0/contributing/documentation/rst_guidelines.html#abbreviations) (:

It definitely looks like a link because of the dotted underline, but this is indeed expected behavior :sweat_smile: 

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/dcd7c82e-e0ed-4a08-8560-c6a779db2efb)

When we hover over the abbreviation, we get to see the fully spelled out version. At the top of the doc, I've defined that whenever I write `|MTO|`, it's replaced with the `abbr` code
|
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/262969c3-8d0e-45f8-8050-8ee5ad6fce41)

route or a reordering rule to replenish stock by moving the product from one warehouse to another.
Proceed to the dedicated sections below to continue the process.

MTO
~~~

To replenish products using the make to order method, go to the product form and ensure the
:ref:`MTO route is unarchived <inventory/warehouses_storage/unarchive-mto>`, so it appears in the
:guilabel:`Routes` section of the :guilabel:`Inventory` tab.

> With the resupply and |MTO| routes ticked, jump to the next :ref:`Resupply from another warehouse

Reviewer 3: Ditto above comment about |MTO| being weirdly formatted.

workflow <inventory/warehouses_storage/resupply-workflow>` section.

.. example::
   The product, sold at the warehouse, `Store`, is resupplied from the central warehouse, named

>    `YourCompany`. To replenish the product using |MTO|, the following routes are selected:

Reviewer 3: Ditto above comment about |MTO| being weirdly formatted.

Reviewer 2: This seemed ok for me.

   - :guilabel:`Store: Supply Product from YourCompany`
   - :guilabel:`Replenish on Order (MTO)`

   .. image:: resupply_warehouses/resupply-route.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Route setting which enables a product to resupplied from a second warehouse.

Reordering rule
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> To replenish products using reordering rules, ensure the :guilabel:`X: Supply Product from Y` route

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To replenish products using reordering rules, first ensure the :guilabel:`X: Supply Product from Y` route
```

is selected in the :guilabel:`Inventory` tab of the product form.

> In addition, create a reordering rule to automate replenishment by clicking the

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Then, create a reordering rule to automate replenishment by clicking the
```

:guilabel:`Reordering Rules` smart button.

> Next, click :guilabel:`New`, and set:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Click :guilabel:`New`, and set:
```

- :guilabel:`Location`: the stock location of the retail store. For example, `SHOP/Stock`.
- :guilabel:`Route`: :guilabel:`X: Supply Product from Y`.

> - Configure the :guilabel:`Min Quantity` and :guilabel:`Max Quantity` to trigger automatic stock

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Min Quantity` and :guilabel:`Max Quantity` to trigger automatic stock
```

  transfers when inventory falls below the set threshold.

.. seealso::
   :doc:`reordering_rules`

.. example::
   A :ref:`0/0 reordering rule <inventory/warehouses_storage/zero-zero>` to replenish the shop's
   warehouse is created, with the :guilabel:`Location` set to `SHOP/Stock`, and the
   :guilabel:`Route` set to :guilabel:`Store: Resupply from YourCompany`.

   .. image:: resupply_warehouses/reordering-rule.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Show reordering rule configurations.

.. _inventory/warehouses_storage/resupply-workflow:

Replenish one warehouse from another
====================================

> After completing the setup, trigger the replenishment method using one of the many methods, such as:

Reviewer 3: You say, "one of the many methods" but then list two. Are you unsure how many methods there are? If there are others, could they be enumerated (e.g. one of three methods) and then listed or linked to other documentation?

> After completing the setup, trigger the replenishment method using one of the many methods, such as:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
After completing the setup, trigger replenishment using one of several methods, such as:
```

> - Navigate to the product form of the product that is resupplied from another warehouse and

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Navigate to the product form of the product that is resupplied from another warehouse. 
```

>   clicking the :guilabel:`Replenish` button on the top left of the product page and in the pop-up

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  Click the :guilabel:`Replenish` button on the top left of the product page. In the pop-up
```

>   window, set the warehouse to the retail shop, (e.g. :guilabel:`Store`), and click

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  window, set the warehouse to the retail shop, (e.g. `Store`), and click
```

  :guilabel:`Confirm`.

  .. image:: resupply_warehouses/replenish.png
     :align: center
     :alt: Replenish pop-up window on the product form.

- Create a quotation, and in the :guilabel:`Other Info` tab, set the :guilabel:`Warehouse` to the

>   retail shop (e.g. :guilabel:`Store`), when selling the product makes the on-hand quantity of the

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  retail shop (e.g. `Store`), when selling the product makes the on-hand quantity of the
```

  product go below the minimum set on the reordering rule.

  .. image:: resupply_warehouses/warehouse-field.png
     :align: center
     :alt: Create a quote at the store.

Once triggered, Odoo creates two transfers: One is a *delivery order* from the central, supplying
warehouse, which contains all the necessary products to the store, and the second is a *receipt*
at the shop, from the main warehouse.

> While in transit, the product is located at *Physical Locations/Inter-warehouse transit*.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
While in transit, the product is located at `Physical Locations/Inter-warehouse transit`.
```
